Article Refactoring while doing CYOA series (#49)
Swizec/swizec.com: src/pages/blog/javascript-promises-are-just-like-monads-and-i-can-explain-both-in-less-than-2-minutes/index.mdx

---
title: "JavaScript promises are just like monads and I can explain both in less than 2 minutes"

> description: "There's a joke in functional programming that once you understand monads, it becomes impossible to explain them to others. Monads are a funky concept that's nearly impossible to understand in all of its nuance. Maybe I'm just not smart enough. That's why I'm not going to explain any of that."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "There's a joke in functional programming that once you understand monads, it becomes impossible to explain them to others. The nuance is nuanced, the details are hard, let’s focus on practice"
```

published: 2017-09-21
redirect_from:
  - /blog/javascript-promises-monads/swizec/7814
categories: "Technical, JavaScript"

> hero: ../../../defaultHero.jpg

Reviewer: Can you replace the hero image with the youtube thumbnail please?
